alleluia amen while you're standing let
me just say a few things whether you
voted for him or not it is a great day
for America amen and of course you know
we have Republicans in our church we
have Democrats in our church we have
independence in our church and we have
those who don't care one weird up and so
I but regardless he is your present
there now
and and I don't tell you how to vote I
just tell you how to think and for that
wing of Christendom who think ain't
nobody say but Republicans they must
have not read the Bible now I don't
agree with everything either party does
but I'm not gonna let you define what
politics is politics for me is not a
moral referendum now don't agree with
what the Democrats think about the gays
I don't know I don't agree what they I
don't how to agree with the you know the
abortion thing on agree with that I
don't I don't I believe you know my
belief and belief that party hold out on
those issues are different but I do
believe in some of the things that they
depth at the party stands for now i
voted republican i'm an independent i'm
christian sell-side vote for the one
who's who's platform i believe in at the
time
and I'm where I am because the
government help my mama and my daddy got
it that's how I got where I am that's
how I got into college and I like the
idea that we have a president now who is
not going to turn his back on a segment
of America who needs help
we lived in a day where at one time
trickle-down economics worked when there
was a mentality at the top that I'm
responsible for those in the bottle that
is not the mentality now in the country
the mentality at the top is I'm gonna
get all I can and right before it shuts
down I'm gonna get a month as much as I
can before it closes amen so I just
wanted to say that so when you hear
preachers on TV trying to say Obama is
the Antichrist they said Reagan wasn't
Antichrist obviously he wouldn't so when
you hear these stupid for you know
because they mad trying to use
inscription you know to justify that
position you know that's a personal
attune off tune them out until he gets
back home the scripture on stuff he's
anointed to teach about amen so I don't
tell me politics is the bow tomorrow
referendum because it's not politicians
about who gets to spend the tax dollars
every second Sunday it all over the
country we gonna be praying for the
president and his wife and his family
got it
scripture says I exhort therefore that
first of all supplications prayers in a
session and given thanks be made for all
men for kings for all that in authority
that we may lead a quiet and peaceful
life in all godliness and honesty which
over touch somebody's hand let's pray
father in the name of Jesus we just
thank you for this opportunity to pray
and we lift up a government to you we
lift up president-elect Obama and his
family his children his wife God we
thank you that you will surround him
with those men of women and women of
wisdom that he needs in order to make
the decisions that need be made we cover
him with the blood of Jesus in the name
of Jesus coming his life and we thank
you that angels are on God and camped
around about him that you expose his in
a clandestine situation that would bring
harm to his life his family in Jesus
name now father we thank you that he
hears your voice the voice of a stranger
he will not follow in the name of Jesus
the Father we thank you for this nation
and we bless this nation fine we thank
you Father that we have the freedom to
take your word to the uttermost parts of
the earth and we thank you found on that
the renewed the renewed refreshing that
he has brought to the world opens the
door for more of the gospel to go forth
in Jesus name we thank him and we call
it done and the church said amen amen
and amen dr. Bridget all right if you'll
hold up your signs where you can read
them and we all
confirm the brother we just pray with
our faith declaration the Bible says
faith comes by hearing hearing by the
word about it so we release our faith
with our words the words of our mouth
and so as a sign of agreement for the
brothers already been great if you will
together say our prayer up for our
leadership together father in the name
of Jesus I give thanks to you for
America and the leaders you have given
us your work at class that I should pray
for all men especially those that are in
authority over me that I might live a
quiet and peaceful life I thank you
Father for our president-elect Barack
Obama that he has the wisdom of God to
lead our country and to change I thank
you that president-elect Obama First
Lady Michelle Sasha and Malia are
covered by the blood of Jesus and no
hurt harm or danger comes to them I
thank you that the Obama family hears
your voice in every situation and you
surround them with people of integrity
and righteousness who will give them
wisdom so that they may make righteous
decisions concerning me and my family I
declare that you expose reveal and
remove anyone or anything that is not
right in their lives and protect them
from every force of darkness I declare
that your spirit rest upon our
president-elect Obama and all those in
his administration so that decisions are
made that will continue to live in
honesty and godliness father I remind
you that your work at claires blessed is
the nation whose god is the lord and i
declare america is blessed in jesus name
amen hallelujah
praise God amen country road
mersin one